[Music]
so in my neighborhood where they live
only real things I fight
I make the law of life to you in
anywhere
the price is higher depends on your
art as to whoever wants to pull
trigger what you sow crops you
till his destiny make the law of life
here anywhere
the price is higher depends on your
art as an angel of pulling trigger
what you sow crops you till their
destination
the murder was and will always be a
cause of sadness pain of money and of
Crimes will be the screams
it was simple it was just an inn
as if nothing I downloaded all the
bullets good pana then I'll see you in the
jail for me a lot knows what to tell you
have my silver
If the pattern listened well what
I'm going to tell your little friend you have to
end it because it turned out that he made a
wrong turn then you have the head
bullet
I'm sorry, but I had a fire
our the ground at that time as if
the braking universe stopped that the
time nobody knew what was
happening everything reacted only when
they heard the rumble that and more than
you could never erase the bodies in the
floor for an account pay a bullet
loss that managed to reach its end at
Heart and nani and climb to finish
[Music]
you make the law of life to you in mind
in part company is higher depends
of your art as whoever wants to leave
trigger what crops you harvest
till his destiny make the law of life
here and anywhere company is more
elevated depends on your art as to whom
want to leave trigger what you sow
you harvest your destiny
[Music]
Y